♪ Opening Song ♪
[BABY GOKU crying]
[DOCTOR A] Kakarot, huh?
[DOCTOR B] Just another
lower-class warrior child...
We'll send him to one
of the frontier planets.
He's no good to us here.
I suppose not.
[NARRATOR]
On Planet Vegeta,
a baby boy cries out
for the first time.
Little could he know--
high in the skies above,
both his father
and his home world
are under threat
by a fearsome enemy...
[BARDOCK]
Frieza-a-a!
Frieza!
Oh, he's come out...
--It's Frieza!
--He's joining the battle...
[BARDOCK]
It all comes down to this...
My fate...
Planet Vegeta's, Kakarot's...
And, yes...
...yours too, Frieza.
We settle it here!
[laughs]
What the--?!
[electric whirring]
[laughs]
[BARDOCK and WARRIORS scream]
[BARDOCK]
Ka... Ka...Kakarot...
[BARDOCK laughs]
[BARDOCK] Kakarot!
[WARRIORS cry out]
[FRIEZA laughing intensely]
[BARDOCK]
Kakarot, my son...
You must succeed
where I have failed...
One day, you must rise up
to avenge the
Saiyans of Planet Vegeta...
Redeem the pride of our race!
[NARRATOR] So it came to be,
that this child from
a faraway planet
fell to Earth...
Oh dear...! I can't very well
leave you out
here all on your own?
[NARRATOR] And thanks
to the kindness of a stranger,
he would make this
new world his home.
[GRANDPA GOHAN]
I think I'll call you... Goku!
[NARRATOR] This is where
the story of Goku begins!
[NARRATOR] The years passed,
and the baby Goku
grew to be a strong,
healthy boy.
But his life would be
forever changed when he
met a girl named Bulma,
and joined her on her quest
to find the Dragon Balls--
seven magic orbs that
when gathered together,
would call forth the dragon
Shenron to grant a single wish.
Goku met many new friends
in his travels, and honed his
skills as a pupil of the
great martial artist,
Master Roshi--
skills that were continually
put to the test, as he was
forced to defend himself
and his friends against
a host of dangerous opponents.
[NARRATOR]
Goku's toughest test came
when he faced
the powerful villain,
King Piccolo.
But the help of the
sage Korin allowed Goku
to tap into vast reserves
of still-hidden strength.
In the battle that followed,
the true extent of Goku's
otherworldly powers
was revealed,
and with a mighty charge,
King Piccolo's quest for
world domination
came crashing to a halt.
However-- with his dying breath,
King Piccolo had time
to hatch one final scheme...
And three years later,
Piccolo Junior, appeared
before a grown-up Goku,
looking to avenge his father,
and resume his evil plans.
Another epic battle ensued.
And though the two were
almost equally matched,
in the end, the new Piccolo
still could not
withstand Goku's might.
Five years have passed
since that fateful day.
Goku married his
childhood sweetheart,
Chichi, and the two have
enjoyed a quiet life together,
while the world
remained at peace....
...until now.
[explosion]
[CHICHI]
Go-haaaaaaan!
It's lunchtime!
[CHICHI]
Go-haaaaaaan!
[GOKU] Ahhh...
Ahhh...
This one oughta do it.
Gohan, where are you?!
Goku!
[CHICHI]
I'm glad you're back.
Have you seen Gohan?
I've got lunch ready.
[GOKU] Well what
are we waiting for?
I'm starving.
[CHICHI] Did you
even hear what I said?!
I asked you
where your son is!
[GOKU] Huh? I dunno.
I thought he was with you.
He must've snuck off to
play when I wasn't looking.
You two should eat soon
or you'll be late
for Master Roshi's.
Okay... I'll go look for him.
[CHICHI]
He hasn't been gone long.
I doubt he's wandered too far.
Right. Don't worry,
I'll find him.
[CHICHI]
Don't take long!
You're a pretty bird.
Hi, my name's Gohan.
Nice to meet you.
Aw...! Don't go!
[GOHAN cries out]
[GOHAN yells]
[GOHAN]
Mommy! Daddy! Help!
[GOHAN yelling]
Gohan!
Dad! Here... I'm here!
Just hang on...!
Don't worry, I'll get you out!
Hold on!
There. Almost--!
Daddy!
Gohan!
[GOHAN yelling]
Daddy!
Gohan!
[GOHAN] Help, Daddy...!
I don't like it
up here! I'm scared!
I can't get down...! Daddy...!
[GOHAN cries]
Oh, Daddy! It was so scary!
[GOHAN] There was this bird,
and then it flew away,
and then I fell,
and the log spun,
and the water...
[GOHAN sobs]
[GOKU] How did
you get way up here?
[GOHAN continues sobbing]
Did... you jump?
What...? Oh...
uh... I dunno...
Well... C'mon...
What do you say
we get you home, huh...?
Your mom was
worried about you...
And don't forget,
I'm taking you to meet
my old teacher today, too.
Okay...
[birds chirpping]
[FARMER grunting]
Whooo, boy...
I guess that should
just about do it.
[whooshing]
[FARMER yells]
What in... the heck...
was that...?!
A--A meteor...? A UFO?!
[car screeches to a halt]
Uhh... That's no meteor...
but what is it?
Who--Who...are you...?!
What do you want?!
You have a power level
of only 5, huh...? Pitiful.
Stay back!
Don't come any closer...!
I... I'll shoot! I mean it!
[yells]
[screams]
Ha...
It's a race of utter weaklings.
[RADITZ] There's someone with
a decent power level...
Range: forty-eight eighty.
Where are you Kakarot?!
Wha--What is this...
power I'm sensing...?
It can't be... Goku?!
[jet-like sound]
Who's that?!
You're not Kakarot.
[PICCOLO]
What do you want?
Who are you...?
You have some business with me?
No, I was just
looking for someone.
Then unless you're in
a hurry to die...
...keep moving.
[chuckles]
Well aren't
you the feisty one...
Ah-h... And I see why.
Power level three-twenty-two...
That's almost respectable.
Almost. [chuckles]
[RADITZ] It's still
nothing compared to me.
Why you--I should kill
you where you stand!
Do you have any idea
who you're talking to?!
Does it matter?
[PICCOLO]
What's wrong with him?
He can't be that
powerful, can he...?
This is only
one way to find out...
[PICCOLO chuckles]
[RADITZ laughs]
You call that an attack?
Pathetic.
Although...
...it is effective at
kicking up dust.
You finished?
That all you've got...?
In that case, why don't
I show you one of my moves?
[RADITZ chuckles]
A new signal...
It looks like another
strong power level...
[scouter beeping]
It's that way...
Range: twelve-nine-oh-nine
and closing...
It's a big one...
...certainly the biggest
power level on this puny planet.
This is it...
It must be Kakarot!
[PICCOLO panting]
Who... was that...?
He's miles away,
and I still can't
stop trembling...
[WOMAN]
Hello in there! Guess who!
Bulma!
Yep...! I got your
invitation, so here I am!
Ah, good! I wasn't
sure you'd make it...!
It's been way too long, huh?
I miss this place...
Hasn't changed a bit!
Well, don't be
such a stranger...
You don't always have to
wait for an invitation,
you know.
Here.
[BULMA] I brought
you some goodies.
Ah, that's sweet.
But you didn't have to
go to all that trouble.
I mean, you could just
give me a sample
of those other goodies...
I see you still
can't take a joke!
And I see you're
still a dirty old creep!
Oh yeah, that reminds me--
where's Yamcha?
Thought he'd be with you.
Yamcha? That jerk...?
How should I know?!
He can be out chasing
every girl in the
city for all I care!
I'm done with him!
I didn't even tell him we
were getting together today!
But who needs that guy...!
Right...?! We can still
have fun without him!
Guess nothing's changed
with those two, either.
Nope, guess not.
Anyway,
why isn't Launch here?
[KRILLIN]
Oh, she's long gone.
She went chasing after
Tien Shinhan five years ago.
[laughs]
[scouter beeping]
[RADITZ] Very good.
This power
level is moving fast.
[GOKU]
Hey, look. We're here!
Master Roshi's house!
Hello!
[KRILLIN] I-Is that...?
[BLUMA] Goku!
Hey!
Hi!
Uh... So who's the kid?
Yeah, what gives...?
Are you babysittin'
him for somebody?
He's my son!
[ROSHI] Yours, Goku?!
[GOKU]
Yep, that's right.
Crazy, huh?
Come on... Say hi.
[GOHAN] Um, hello.
--Good to meet'cha.
--Right. Hello.
[ROSHI]
Hello to you, little guy.
[GOKU]
His name is Gohan.
Gohan, eh...? I see...!
So you named him after your
dear ol' grandpa, did ya?
Uh-huh.
[ROSHI] I have to admit,
this is some surprise.
I honestly didn't think
you had it in you, Goku!
[BULMA]
He's so cute...
So... how old are you?
One... Tw--I'm four, miss.
Wow, aren't you
the little gentleman.
Sure he's yours?
Well, he gets that from Chi-Chi.
[BULMA] So tell us some more
about yourself, Gohan.
What do you wanna
be when you grow up?
I'm gonna be a great scholar.
Oh...! You--
You don't say... ahhh.
A tail?
Uh-huh! Just like I
used to have, remember?
[KRILLIN]
Oh yeah, that's right...
[laughs]
So, uh, Goku...
have you noticed anything,
I don't know,
strange about your boy?
Whaddaya mean?
For example, does he
start acting "different"
when he sees a full
moon, or anything?
Sees a full moon?
No... but we go
to bed pretty early.
Why d'you ask?
Uh! N-Never mind!
[ROSHI]
It's nothing. It's nothing!
[KRILLIN]
He sure takes after you
in the looks department, Goku.
So is he strong like you, too?
Well uh...
[GOKU]
It's hard to say.
It seems like it sometimes.
But I can't give him any
martial arts training
to find out for sure.
Chi-Chi won't let me!
And... Go...!
--[GOHAN] 1... 2... 3...
--[KRILLIN] Why not...?
Seems like a
waste if you ask me.
I know...
[GOKU] But Chi-Chi won't budge.
She says the world's
been at peace for so long now,
there's no reason to
teach him how to fight.
She says he's got to
focus on studying in school.
[chuckles]
So... that little
firecracker wife of yours
turned out to be a real
schoolmarm, did she?
Daddy!
[laughs]
Oh... I can't believe I didn't
notice this on Gohan's hat...
Is that a Dragon Ball?
Yep...! It's the
Four-Star Ball...
[GOKU] It was my Grandpa's
most prized possession.
I put it on there
to remember him by.
I also found the Three-Star
and the Six-Star Ball
when I was out
looking for this one...
I keep them back at home.
[sighs]
Now that takes me back.
We had some crazy times
searching for those things,
didn't we?
[GOKU chcukles]
[GOKU]
What's that?!
[ROSHI] What's wrong?
I... I don't know...
Something's coming
this way.
[KRILLIN] Uh...
You sure about that?
[BULMA]
I don't know...
[GOKU] This power...
I've never sensed
anything like it...!
[GOKU] There!
Here it comes!
What the--?
Who--Who is that?
[ROSHI] This is trouble.
I can feel it.
[RADITZ]
So, we finally meet.
You're all grown up.
But I could tell it was
you at a glance,... Kakarot.
Kaka... what?
My, how you look
like our father.
Huh?
What does that mean?
Wait, hold on a sec...
You know this guy?
Kakarot...!
What the hell have
you been doing here
all these years...?
Your mission was to
terminate every native
life form on this planet!
So, why haven't
you carried it out?
Uh... Huh?
Now look you...
I don't know
who you are,
but I think we've heard
just about enough.
[KRILLIN]
Time to leave.
Shoo...! Go...!
Or...
since you don't seem to
be good at taking a hint...
Maybe you need me to point
you in the right direction.
Krillin, get back!
Krillin!
You...!
[NARRATOR]
Who is this stranger
with a tail who
claims to know Goku?
The truth is revealed--
next Dragon Ball Z Kai!
♪ Closing Song ♪
[GOKU]
Hey, it's me, Goku!
This guy flies and
has a tail? Who is he?
[RADITZ]
Remember, Kakarot...!
Your fate...!
And the pride of the Saiyans!
[GOHAN]
Daddy, save me!
[RADITZ] If you ever want
to see your son alive again,
I suggest you do
as your brother says!
[GOKU]
Next on Dragonball Z Kai:
Don't miss it!